WRR-976: ContextualPopupDecorator: Modified to update position when screen orientation change (#1679)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- `sandstone/Steps` prop `size` to accept number type

> - `sandstone/ContextualPopupDecorator` to re-position when window size is changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/ContextualPopupDecorator` to update its position when the window size has been resized
```

> - `sandstone/ContextualPopupDecorator` to update its position when the window size has been resized

Reviewer: Please sync your branch with the latest develop.
And put the change log in alphabetical order under `Fixed` category.

Author: Thanks, Modified
